- [Instructor] After we've started our webpage,
and imported the necessary JavaScript libraries
to support web socket, client side development,
we can then create our JavaScript file,
and begin writing our own app specific code
to handle sending messages, broadcasting messages,
and all the other features that we want in our app.
For this video, we're gonna highlight some
of the main things you need to consider
when writing your JavaScript code
for a real-time app client.
So some of our goals are,
we're gonna setup our SockJS object,
we're gonna walk through what's required for doing that.
I'll also show you the code that's needed
to establish a connection, and what you can do in your code
after that connection is established,
such as, setting up all your topic subscriptions.
So lets get started looking at some code.
Before we begin this exercise,
I want to point out where we are.
We're in our src/main/resources tree,
and in there, there's a sub-directory called static,
where all of our static resources are kept.
That includes our HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.
I'm gonna open our app.js file,
next I'm gonna double-click on the Editor pane,
so that we can maximize it.
Walking through some of this code
will definitely be helpful.
It's out of scope to show you how to write all of it,
but I do want to point out a few important things.
We're focused in this exercise on the code we want
to implement for what happens
when a client connects to a server.
Notice, in our connect function, one of the first things
that happens, is we have to create our SockJS object,
and give it our application's root URI,
which is landon-stomp-chat.
Once the client has a connection,
the next thing we want to do
is implement all of the callback code,
what happens, as soon as that connection's established.
Well you'll see here, once we call connect on the client,
we can begin in this callback function
to implement the behavior we want.
The most notable thing we want to happen here,
is on our client, start subscribing to topics we care about
for the features that we need to implement
for this exercise.
Right now, the one feature I want to implement,
has to do with being able to broadcast guest names
as they join.
So, we've already setup server side
a topic called guestnames.
So I'm gonna enter that topic now,
and I've already created a function called showJoinedName,
which is gonna take care of all the behavior that's needed,
after we subscribe to this topic, and someone joins.
We pretty much just want to use our JSON utility,
parse out the name that comes back from the server,
and then, put that on the GUI somewhere.
The next thing I want to point out to you,
when a user enters a group, they type their name
into a form field, and we have to call the send method
on our client, to send that name over to the server,
so that it can broadcast out to the rest of the group
that someone has joined.
To do that, we have to supply our app URI,
so that the controller that's listening
for this particular call, can pick up and handle
whatever server side logic we need.
So, the path that we need to enter here,
is app/guestjoin, again, this was something
we've already established server side,
in an earlier exercise, and while we're at it,
let's just take a brief look at showJoinedName,
which I've already written.
To show a name, what we're doing, is manipulating the HTML,
we add a table row, which has a message
containing the person's name,
and then the string after that, just joined.
So lets run this, and see what this looks like in a browser.
So, one cool way to really see all this in action,
is to have two browser windows open,
and mimic two people in a conversation.
So on one browser window, I'll join as myself, Shonna,
and you'll see the server received the fact
that I joined and then broadcast out to the GUI
that I just joined.
So now, in my next browser window, think I'll be Susan.
Susan's going to join, and you'll also see over
in the other browser window, instantaneously,
the GUI was updated to let me know Susan just joined.
We're done with this exercise.
Now lets move on to actually sending messages.